State Road 7 overhaul from Miramar to Hollywood grinds on

The overhaul of State Road 7 from Miramar to Hollywood continues to take a toll on those who use the well-traveled thoroughfare, also known as U.S. 441.

Pedestrians and bicycle riders routinely weave through concrete barricades and plastic barrels that also hinder access to the restaurants, auto repair shops, gas stations and strip shopping centers along the road.
"It is causing some grief and traffic, [but] I haven't heard anything as far as [businesses] losing major amounts of money or anything of that nature," said Robert Goltz, CEO of the Miramar/Pembroke Pines Regional Chamber of Commerce.

Begun last year, the three-year, four-mile, $60 million project will widen the commercial corridor by about 28 feet with three lanes in each direction instead of two.

There will be a raised median with left-turn lanes, bicycle lanes, sidewalks with raised curbs and ramps as well as bus stops with turn-in bays, traffic signals on hurricane-resistant mast-arms, pedestrian countdown timers at crossings, new street lights, digital message signs and traffic monitoring cameras.

The two-part project between Miramar Parkway and Stirling Road is split at Filmore Street. The southern half is scheduled to be finished by 2018; the northern half is expected to be completed by 2019, if not sooner. There's a $1.2 million incentive for the contractor to finish early.

In Pembroke Pines, the chamber receives regular requests from businesses for help with more signs, marketing and the possibility of getting money from the state to offset the financial strain, Goltz said.

"You don't ever want to lose business, but sometimes the improvement is well worth the short term pain," Goltz said.

In Hollywood, a few businesses have moved from State Road 7 to neighboring cities, said Anne Hotte, CEO of the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce.

"A lot of businesses chose to relocate and they had assistance provided, [but] other businesses decided to stay," she said.

Alternative Funeral and Cremation Care was based at 1680 N. St. Rd. 7 for over 25 years, but the road widening project forced it to relocate to 6400 Hollywood Boulevard, sharing space with parent company Boyd-Panciera Family Funeral Care.

"Was there a loss in business? Sure there was," said owner Tiffany Panciera. "It forced us to sell and relocate."

Project spokeswoman Casey Liening said she has received about 270 inquiries about the construction, but only 15 were complaints about road debris and property damage. The complaints were addressed immediately and were expected for a project of this size, she said.

By comparison, Hotte points out that businesses along Johnson Street were suffering while the $147 million Jimmy Buffett-themed Margaritaville resort was being built. But business has been booming since it opened about a year ago.

"Boy, now [merchants] are happy they hung in there," she said.

Project manager Donald VanWhervin is confident people along State Road 7 will be happy with the end result, which includes a storm drainage system with retention ponds, new water and sewer lines, mast-arm traffic signals and new landscaping.

"Usually, when the job is done everybody forgets about the construction," he said. "But, we're having to make do [now]."